hey guys what's up this is Sparks and
I'm gonna be showing guys how to install
the meta world's mod for Minecraft so
first off if you guys want to check out
the link in the description will say the
ooh
I actually clicked on something there
didn't mean to do that and go back go
back go back so anyway let's actually go
back here you guys can see that this is
the matter world's mod on the minecraft
forum web page here again that link will
be in the description below so you guys
go here and this is actually really guys
are going to download the mod so first
off if you guys see the download link
right here that's you're gonna say
download link and then compatible with
forge so currently minecraft is only in
the mod is only for 1.6.4
if this title of this video says
microphone 36.4 then it will work for
that now if it's gonna say for any other
future versions of this mod it will also
work for those two so this mod installed
will work for any versions of Minecraft
as long as the mod is updated so you can
see here that is currently 1.6.4 so if
you scroll down you're gonna see
download link right here compatible
Forge now this is actually going to be
the actual mod so you guys click on that
mediafire download link right there and
download and save that onto the desktop
and it should look just like that my cup
metal world's mod right there and it
says be full forge so there you go
that's that and the next thing you guys
actually need to download is on this
little on this think here is actually go
down here to the sub mods and you're
gonna see the download link the
miniature mod now if you guys actually
want to make your worlds bigger or
smaller that's what this is for so it's
it's basically required for this mod so
just download that right here download
link and say that and either the desktop
just like that you'll say the miniature
mod right there so this is the matter
world's and this is the miniature right
here
so the next thing guys actually need to
download is actually minecraft forge
minecraft forge is required for this mod
so you guys are going to need to
download it if you guys want to play the
mod so again the microphones link will
be in the description below so you guys
can click on that I mean what you want
to do is actually go here you're gonna
see this recommended 1.6.4 so again if
this video says it's for 1.6.4 it's
going to be for input 644 if it says for
any later version so you're gonna just
want to go to the recommended version
all the time and make sure whatever
version you guys are actually installing
is the same so if minecraft matter
worlds is 1.6.4 make sure you guys are
downloading the recommended 1.6.4
so there you go go over to the
click on the Installer and save that
onto the desktop just hit just like that
minecraft forge installer so after you
guys have downloaded all three of those
things they're actually ready to start
installing the mod so first off what you
guys want to do is actually open up
minecraft forge you're gonna see install
client right there push ok
and once I need to run it at minecraft
at least once
so let's actually open up the minecraft
Launcher and then last actually I'm
gonna have to log in and all that kind
of stuff selects to actually go to edit
profile and what I want to do is make
sure you guys are going to 1.6.4 so just
make sure you guys go to edit profile
and use version 1.6.4 so that's very
important because you don't want to run
minecraft 1.6.4 1.7 point 4
if this mods for 1.6.4 so again just
make sure you guys run minecraft like
that and then you guys can close it and
then go back to the forge so open up the
forge and you're gonna see install
client again push OK and you're gonna
see downloading libraries and after that
you're gonna see successfully installed
client profile for force so just push ok
there and then you guys actually start
installing the amount of world into the
miniature mod so if you guys want to go
to the start folder you want to type in
a start you want to type in % a PP da ta
that's % apt edit another percent you're
gonna see this roaming folder you want
to click on that roaming folder and this
is actually where you guys are gonna see
the dot minecraft folder so open up that
dot minecraft folder and this is where
you guys are actually gonna see the mods
folder now if you guys don't see that
mods folder it's because you guys have
not run minecraft with Ford's installed
so it's very simple just add a new
folder and call it all out of the Cape's
mods folder very simple open up that
mods folder and drag in the meta world
or actually wait you're gonna have to
open up the meta world's thing right
there I'll move that on the side like
that you're gonna see all these folders
here what you want to actually do is
highlight all of those things and drag
them into that mods folder just like
that then you guys can actually close
that so let's go over here and push
closed like that and then you're gonna
actually go and you're gonna just drag
in the miniature mod right into there so
again just open up that matter worlds
thing like that and drag all those
folders into there and then just drag in
the miniature mod
into there just like that you're going
to see 1 2 3 4 you're gonna see four of
those when Windsor archives when our
archives and you're gonna see two
executable jar files just like that in
there and then you just
I actually closed minecraft and open up
minecraft right there okay so then you
want to actually go to edit profile and
again what you want to do is go to use
version and then go down to all the way
down to minecraft forge so just make
sure you guys to select on that for just
push save profile push play and you guys
are actually start ready to play the
metal worlds mod so first off you guys
are gonna see that this mutton the
Mojang screens here you're gonna see 10
mods loaded and Tad mods active let's
actually go to that mods folder you're
gonna see the Minecraft coder pack
minecraft forge like a Forge matter
worlds patcher metaphor olds mod matter
worlds controllers and a bunch of
different stuff with metal worlds if you
see all that stuff there that means you
actually actually guys are actually done
and you guys can start playing minecraft
so hopefully this video helped you guys
out if you guys actually want to see a
mod review there will be a link I just
hit something if there will be a link in
the top left hand corner you guys can
click on that so again that's my mind
review so you guys can check out that
yours to actually see what's in the
modern what all of it does so hopefully
this video helped you guys out if it did
please make sure you guys to give this
video a like and subscribe for my mods
and mod reviews do all that kind of
stuff from my channel also do Let's
Plays and all the kind of fun stuff like
that so again thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys the next
episode